# hivemind-examples

*a repository to collect small examples of tool usage, language concepts, packaging, etc.*

I saw a post (maybe it was a tweet, maybe it was a dev.to post, I'm not sure) about how whenever you (as a dev) learn a new thing, you should make a minimal example of it and shove it in a github repository to come back to later.
I thought, why not apply this at a larger scale level, and create a curated repository of examples for people getting started in an area?

In lots of cases, documentation examples can be too isolated from the rest of code to see how something can fit together as a whole.
It also isn't always clear where the best place to find a Good Example of a Thing is, so you fall back to the iterative approach: try and tweak the thing until it starts working the way you think it does.

This repository is an attempt at reducing first-time pain for new concepts.
It is not a replacement for documentation.
It is not a replacement for fiddling wih the thing yourself.
It is an attempt at giving a simple (and thus easy to understand) yet complete (and thus useful/extensible to the problem you're trying to solve) example of a concept.

## Structure

```
hivemind-examples
+
+--+ languages
|
+--+ tools
|
+--+ design_patterns
|
+--+ references
```
> above generated by [aciiflow.com](http://asciiflow.com/)

## Contribution Guidelines

### Simplicity
Code contributions should be as concise as possible to clearly convey the concept being shown. Note that brevity is not the same as obfuscation--some things are necessarily complex and require a decent amount of code to be shown, and that is okay. Similarly, good documentation and comments are a _very good thing_ since this repository is aimed at those who haven't used these techniques before. All that said, contributions should not be needlessly complex.

### Single Responsibility

Where possible, do not combine techniques, unless as an example of how to do so. Combined techniques in an entry-level example can make it more difficult to ingest the concept.

### Licensing

This project is licensed under the Mozilla Public License 2.0. A summary is available here, and the full license text is in `LICENSE.txt`.

All source files should contain the following notice near the top of the file:

```
  This file is part of the hivemind-examples project (https://github.com/bocajnotnef/hivemind-examples)

  This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
  License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
  file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.
```